An international manufacturing company specializing in building materials and plumbing equipment is in the process of a major enterprise resource planning (ERP) system upgrade that involves consolidating local systems across its four global regions into a single, integrated platform. In addition to the upgrade, the company has identified challenges in managing user access controls and complying with Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) regulations, which could pose risks to their operations. To confirm the project's success and mitigate potential risks, the leadership team at the international manufacturing company sought the help of PwC whose Enterprise Technology Solutions (ETS) team specializes in risk management, governance, and digital transformation. The international manufacturing company asked PwC to manage the following:

Security: How to build and manage the application user security 
Controls: How to design internal controls over financial reporting (SOX Compliance)
Transformation: Risks associated with the overall program being delivered on time, on budget, and achieving the leadership team’s desired objectives
In this task, you will help your team prepare an interview guide as they go into client discovery workshops with members of the client's compliance team. This task is critical to understanding the true business problems, pain points and basic requirements for an enhanced compliance system before brainstorming any solutions. In assessment projects like this, a client discovery session is standard and happens once the project is officially kicked off. This is the leading way to get honest opinions from the client. The answers you receive from the interview guide questions will be used to drive the project and the future tasks in this experience.

The next step includes a real-world example of a similar company that recently went through an ERP upgrade. You can use that to help form your client interview questions.

Create an interview guide for your team before the client discovery workshop, which will delve into the business problems the client has in the current state. The client discovery workshop aims to understand why they need an ERP upgrade, what current compliance systems the client has in place, and what requirements the client has for an enhanced system.

Use the template in the resources below and add to the questions. For this task, there will be multiple right answers as it is very open-ended. Think through what information you would like to know, given the client has asked for our experience.

Provided in the resources below is an example of a company that recently went through an ERP upgrade. (This real-world example is included for illustrative purposes and is entirely separate to the hypothetical, generic client that is the focus of this task.) Use that as a resource to help you formulate questions. Please make sure your interview questions cover the meeting goals stated in the first paragraph.
https://www.pwc.com/us/en/library/case-studies/global-consumer-company-enterprise-insights-transformation.html

