Great work! Take a look at the example answer below to see how a professional would have attempted this task. Think about what you did well and how you can improve.

Workshop with Banking Client
Date: 1/1/2022
Time: 9am-10am ET
Client team: List members of the client team at the workshop
PwC team: List members of the PwC team at the workshop

Intro (5 min): Manager introduces the team, and each member shares a quick intro on their
experience in the compliance/risk space and the integration with digital solutions.

Background (5 min): Manager goes over the goals of the workshop and what the team hopes to
gain by the end of the session.

Questions (40 min)

1. Describe the current compliance system you have in place to flag bribery, and describe
whether the same system is used for all types of bribery (gifting, referrals, unfavorable
hiring, etc.) Then, describe the current compliance system specifically for tracking gifts to
wealthy clients.

2. What types of gifts are usually given that get flagged as bribery by your team?
a. What are common gifts that are given?

3. Is there a minimum monetary value for gifts that flag if breached in your system?

4. What are the steps taken if bribery is flagged by your current system?
a. How are individuals reprimanded if they are caught?

5. What percentage of illegal gift-giving do you think is missed by the current system?
a. If you don’t know this number, is this something that should be tracked in the
future?

6. Do you have internal audits to test the validity and soundness of the systems you have?
a. If so, did any gap in your system show up while doing this stress test?

7. How digital is your compliance department?
a. Do you have a database that stores compliance breaches?
b. Are any gift transactions updated live to the Cloud?

8. How is your culture around gifts and entertainment? Do bankers understand why
excessive gift-giving for favors is wrong?

9. Given that you were charged millions on counts of bribery, what do you think went wrong
with your current system?
a. What are the biggest risks you see with the system that you have in place right
now?

10. What would you like to change about your current compliance system? Any features you
wish you could have?

11. If you could list the major pain points you have with the current system of flagging acts of
bribery, what would they be?

12. If given unlimited tools and resources, what would you like to see as a better way to flag
bribery and mitigate the risk?

Question from Client (5 min): Collect any final questions or thoughts from the client.

Conclusion and Next Steps: Team to let client know what to expect next from the PwC team.
